README.md, before:

MODEL README: Estudos de Git e GitHub
=====================================
Descrição simples com 55 caracteres.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


STATUS: 
<h4 align="center"> 
	🚧  React VITE 🚀 App under construction ...  🚧
</h4>

                      ==========================================
                      
********* Test the ability of the devabs branch to make commits and pullrequests *****************

********* v3 - Test commits and pullrequests in the face of project restructuring *****************

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


![Link de figura1 do App](https://github.com/Almir-git-unifc/xxx1.png)

![Link de figura2 do App](https://github.com/Almir-git-unifc/xxx2.png)


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->
## Table of Contents
- [Intro](#Intro)
- [Feature](#Feature)
- [Technologies](#Technologies)
- [How To Use](#How-To-Use)
- [Author](#Author)
- [License](#License)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->


# Intro <a name = "Intro"></a>
Explicação introdutória sobre o App.

Quem desenvolveu este projeto antes, e o que foi acrescentado ou mudou no projeto original

<!-- 
Layout de site responsivo, simples, criado com código html, css e javascript; usando regra de mídia, barra de rolagem, ícone de sanduíche e menu deslizante 
 -->


# Feature <a name = "Feature"></a>
- funcionalidade 1
- funcionalidade 2


&nbsp;
# Technologies <a name = "Technologies"></a>
Tecnologias podem ser: Angular, React, Vue

In youtube's video this project was developed with Html, CSS and javascript language

However, in my devepoment used:
Msg-linter and comitzen for semantic version and Convencional Commits;  beyond the VS_Code with snippets. 

### Built With 
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)

 
 
&nbsp;
# How-To-Use <a name = "How-To-Use"></a>

To clone and run this application, you'll need Git, Node.js v18.12.0 or higher + npm (used version npm@9.2.0) installed on your computer. 
From your command line:

```
&nbsp;
## Clone this repository
### $ `git clone https://github.com/Almir-git-unifc/Layout-responsivo_simple_html-css.git`


&nbsp;
## Go to repository
### $ `cd Layout-responsivo_simple_html-css-main`


&nbsp;
## Install dependencies
### $ `npm install`


&nbsp;
## Run locally the app
### $ `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in your browser.

The page will reload when you make changes.\
You may also see any lint errors in the console.
```

&nbsp;
# Author <a name = "Author"></a>

👤 **Almir**

- Github: [@Almir-git-hub](https://github.com/Almir-git-unifc)


&nbsp;
# License <a name = "License"></a>

MIT

Commit message:

feat(react): v0.02.000 - made front-end register-signup call route login with useNavigate

README.md, after:

MODEL README: Estudos de Git e GitHub
=====================================
Descrição simples com 55 caracteres.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


STATUS: 
<h4 align="center"> 
	🚧  React VITE 🚀 App under construction ...  🚧
</h4>

                      ==========================================
                      
********* Test the ability of the devabs branch to make commits and pullrequests *****************

********* v3 - Test commits and pullrequests in the face of project restructuring *****************

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


![Link de figura1 do App](https://github.com/Almir-git-unifc/xxx1.png)

![Link de figura2 do App](https://github.com/Almir-git-unifc/xxx2.png)


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->
## Table of Contents
- [Intro](#Intro)
- [Feature](#Feature)
- [Technologies](#Technologies)
- [How To Use](#How-To-Use)
- [Author](#Author)
- [License](#License)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->


# Intro <a name = "Intro"></a>
Explicação introdutória sobre o App.

First: This project was developed using VITE, which is a little different from the original react.

In the Signup file, instead of Link, we use useNavigate() to call the rotes.

<!-- 
Layout de site responsivo, simples, criado com código html, css e javascript; usando regra de mídia, barra de rolagem, ícone de sanduíche e menu deslizante 
 -->


# Feature <a name = "Feature"></a>
- funcionalidade 1
- funcionalidade 2


&nbsp;
# Technologies <a name = "Technologies"></a>
Tecnologias podem ser: Angular, React, Vue

In youtube's video this project was developed with Html, CSS and javascript language

However, in my devepoment used:
Msg-linter and comitzen for semantic version and Convencional Commits;  beyond the VS_Code with snippets. 

### Built With 
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)

 
 
&nbsp;
# How-To-Use <a name = "How-To-Use"></a>

To clone and run this application, you'll need Git, Node.js v18.12.0 or higher + npm (used version npm@9.2.0) installed on your computer. 
From your command line:

```
&nbsp;
## Clone this repository
### $ `git clone https://github.com/Almir-git-unifc/Layout-responsivo_simple_html-css.git`


&nbsp;
## Go to repository
### $ `cd Layout-responsivo_simple_html-css-main`


&nbsp;
## Install dependencies
### $ `npm install`


&nbsp;
## Run locally the app
### $ `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in your browser.

The page will reload when you make changes.\
You may also see any lint errors in the console.
```

&nbsp;
# Author <a name = "Author"></a>

👤 **Almir**

- Github: [@Almir-git-hub](https://github.com/Almir-git-unifc)


&nbsp;
# License <a name = "License"></a>

MIT
